"We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them." - Albert Einstein
"Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too." - Mark Twain
"When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest." - Walter Anderson
"Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together." - Diane McLaren
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston S. Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." - Calvin Coolidge
"There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind." - Mister Rogers
"Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable." - John Wooden
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estee Lauder
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get." - W. P. Kinsella
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character." - Unknown 
"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards." - Vernon Sanders Law
"To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live." - Dorothy West
"Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future." - Tony Robbins
"The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time." - Joe Girard
"Be a positive energy trampoline – absorb what you need and rebound more back." - Dave Carolan
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
"Work until your bank account looks like a phone number." - Unknown 
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." - Oscar Wilde
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day." - Winnie the Pooh
"Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it." - Tom Lehrer
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific." - Lily Tomlin
"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships." - Michael Jordan
"Individual commitment to a group effort-that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work." - Vince Lombardi
"Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results." - Andrew Carnegie
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
"Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much." - Helen Keller
"Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability." - Patrick Lencioni
"I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition." - Jean-Francois Cope
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." - Chris Grosser
"Love your family, work super hard, live your passion." - Gary Vaynerchuk
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." - Les Brown
"If you're not positive energy, you’re negative energy." - Mark Cuban
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen R. Covey
"Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day." - A.A. Milne